A div is an element that offers developers a block-level element that groups other elements together. Divs can be singular or nested together. Id and class attributes are used to style the div element. The id should be a unique identifier to that specific element, and the id given to one element should be different from every other elements' id on the page. The class attribute groups similar types of elements together by using the same name value which allows for easy styling of these elements with the same CSS code. Spans are the inline equivalent of the div element. Spans identify or group together content that needs organization or extra styling. The span element should include a class or id attribute as well.

Using a service like YouTube or Vimeo to host your videos is often preferable and encouraged to host media. Third-party hosting is ideal for video and audio files, it can host large, high-quality versions of files, and will handle compatibility, encoding, and the other details necessary for the media to play on a variety of browsers, without any work from you. On the downside, third-party hosting is not ideal for image files, any unlicensed materials used without permission can be crawled and reported, and it can become costly to upgrade storage and/or services.

This week I had a problem when embedding my youtube video into my index.html. I was able to put get the embedded link and put it into my index.html okay, but when visiting the website, the video frame says that the video is unavailable. You are able to click on the video and it will open up in YouTube. I tried to figure out what might be wrong, but I couldn't quite get it.
